The food is delicious and there is plenty of variety ranging from Indian food to Asian food. The place is accommodating to dine in with comfy seating and lovely, decorative furniture. Ms Saranrat, alongside all staff, were friendly and catering to me and my family’s needs. A wonderful dining experience. hank you for this experience, we so happy and so recomended for you when you holiday. Mr Kelvin alwayas offer coffe. We like that. Being part of the atmosphere creator for your family's celebration was truly our great pleasure. We are glad that you were happy with the ambiance, food, service, and warm hospitality of our restaurant. We truly appreciate your feedback, as it would definitely inspire our team to maintain the highest service standard for your next visit. We all are looking forward to welcoming you back very soon. Today we had a dinner here. The location is nice, nearby Chao Phraya River and the view is fantastic. Luckily, it was windy so it wasn't too hot. The staffs were nice and smiley. The buffet stalls are international food so you can choose your own preferences. If you find a place for dinner, this may be one of your consideration. Warm welcome. Nice place fresh seafood, fresh Japanese food , Chinese food, Thai food, desert and BBQ. River side view is very good.  Various type of food such as japanese , chinese , maxican and ect which are all absolutely delicious. the location is so amazing , beside the Jaopraya River. Moreover, there are interesting Thai shows available for all guests. Comprehensive breakfast selection for a hotel of this size. Staff were very sweet and helpful. Stayed here a week, and would recommend. Spent a few days at the Dubble Tree Hilton in Bangkok and was fortunate to have breakfast at the Open Bistro. Ms At-ngoon was always there to welcome me as was the entire staff and made sure I was taken cared of. Thank you all for making my stay a fantastic one. Now I’m generally am difficult person when it comes to food because I don’t eat pork and beef. But here, the sous chef made me today a wonderful bowl of chicken noodle soup with a tad of spicy condiments. Ohh la la And the egg white omelette, spicy chicken sausages, green curry chicken, egg fried noodles as well as the Asian and continental selections was great. Foods are delicious and sweets are super super cute, I loves chocolate and atmosphere is warm and staff really helpful and friendly, that's perfect to have a great time here. I highly recommended. Nice and relax atmosphere. Very friendly and helpful staff. Thai traditional show at 7:30pm was really nice and interesting. The location is very close to the city center,really good,the place ia really good and the food ia very good,and the staff are very friendly,especially the staff named putu is very good. During these few days of stay at the hotel and having breakfast and dinner. Besides, the good and conducive environment as well as the quality of food. I would like to express my appreciation to the staff aspecially, Miss Argnoon for her excellence services. She was very polite , courteous and alway has a Smiling face with serving us. Bravo to Hilton hotel for having such a good waitress. Appreciate. We've been in Bangok for 3 days and we stayed at Double Tree by Hilton Ploenchit and we had our breakfast at the Open restaurant. The staff was friendly and polite. And the food was very good. I was here last night for New Years Eve and the buffet was excellent and staff is super friendly . Got great ,great service. I came back this morning for breakfast buffet and the result was the same. Food here is excellent and staff once again was awsome. Al Ngoon was my waitress this morning . She was so sweet and got excellent service from her and also from all tge morning staff crew here. The place is very spacious, clean, and really good, the food is plenty, tasty, and all the staff are friendly. Especially the staff whose name is Putu I was very kind and friendly smile. Berkeley Hotel is my bmfirst choice whenever I go to Bangkok. The breakfast in Dining Room have varities of choice. All food arecfresh anf soup served hot. The wsitress, Ms Saranrat gave me good service well done. Food was ok. Lot of choices for the price of 190 thai if you're staying in hotel. Convenient if you have early plan to leave hotel for your morning activity. Staff Ms Saranrat was very polite and helpful. The food spread was good, the Alaskan king crab ,prawns , oysters was fresh and the service by Siraporn was great and excellent. Definitely will come here again. Very nice restaurant and good view. We came here for friendship anniversary. We had a dinner together here with all of seafood and thai food.staffs was very nice especially Richy She was very nice and ask for our dinner. My family had an amazing experience at this place, with a lot of delicious international cuisines, excellent services, interesting show and also great view of Chaophraya River. Friendly and attentive kitchen and service staffs,they gave us food recommendations and we liked them. Seafood was the best to enjoy with nice night view. Good entertainment too. The hotel room, hotel place, the foods, the services, it's all perfect. The people working in the restautant called The Berkeley Dining Room are so nice. I highly recommend this place. Me and my husband love it. We had nice breakfast served by ms keuaelee. We come with a group of family, the restaurant can accomodate our need really well. This restaurant has a good atmosphere next to Chao Praha River. They provide international foods e.g. Thai, Indian, Japanese, Mexican foods. There is also a Thai traditional show to entertain guests. First time to join lunch buffet at here.It was a lor of food in buffet line. Seafood on ice very fresh and yummy.sushi,salmon shashimi, Noodle with chicken and bitter grout very yummy. Staff service polite and helpful. Large variety of food. Hot and cold seafood, Mexican, Indian, Japanese, Chinese and also local Thai foods. Nice view of Chaophraya river. We love to come to dinner at Riverside Terrace. The food is fresh and very delicious. And nice service, Khun Fon and Khun Rich take care us very good, helpful. And Khun Thitima always warm welcome us. Yummy and variety of food. Value for money. Kid friendly. My son enjoy when we visited here. Staff is very helpful. Excellent vibes, good place to have breakfast with skyscrapers view, many option of foods to choose form good food. Served by Mr. Aziz, nice and friendly who can speak indonesian, perfect experience. Ar-ngoon is amazing, be sure to have her as your server. Food and experience was top notch, lots of choices for breakfast Highly recommend a visit to this place for breakfast. All food are good taste, fresh prawn and barbecue so delicious Overall, good atmostphere and taste. Service is excellent. The food was great with numerous live stations such as BBQ, Mexican, Pasta, Chinese, Indian, Pad Thai and Tempura Live Station. The service was impeccable with very attentive staff like Suchart, Bee and Chef Ryu and Chef Sam. We were really made to feel very welcome and enjoyed the whole evening. A truly worthwhile and memorable dinning experience by the riverside with live entertainment as well. The Food we had enjoyed at the time of dinner. It was really delicious taste with great quality, everything had unique taste. Good services. We stayed at the doubletree for 5 days and had breakfast at the OPEN restaurant daily. The service was excellent with the staff being polite, courteous and always eager to please. The food was varied and ample with a mixture of Asian and western options. We were Travelling with our two children and they always had enough options to pick from. The only caveat would be that the vegetarian options are limited. Luckily, we eat eggs so we were able to partake of the egg station. We would highly recommend. Good food, nice place and excellent service By Mr AzizThank You in advance and next will comming again. Stayed at Doubletree Phloen chit and ate at the open restaurant for breakfast daily. food selection was good Asian and western style selections. Service was good but cud be better, only a couple of stand outs like Arn-goon and the egg station chefs. others were just plain servers who provided normal service. Restaurant ambience is great for breakfast, bright and cheerful with super high ceilings amidst a tropical setting surrounded by greenery. All in all, no complaints, everything was above average.