Investor confidence for the three months through April plummets into a bearish territory for the first time in four years, dragged by concerns over dejected tourism outlook and geopolitical tensions. An index below 80 points is considered bearish, 80-120 is neutral and over 120 is bullish. Confidence among most investor groups turns bearish. Confidence of brokerage firms and foreign investors declines into a bearish territory from last month's neutral, while retail investors' confidence climbs from bearish to neutral. Institutional investors' confidence still remains bearish, said Fetco chairman Paiboon Nalinthrangkurn. The novel coronavirus outbreak denting Chinese tourist arrivals in Thailand is the primary concern among investors followed by geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, global economic recovery following the US's phase 1 trade deal with China and the direction of global monetary policies. The virus pandemic is expected to subside within three months and equities could see a strong rebound given such scenario, said Mr Paiboon. The government's fiscal 2020 budget disbursement, new economic policies aimed at stimulating private investment, exports and tourism, the depreciating baht, the Bank of Thailand's monetary easing effects as well as two-way fund flows are internal factors warranted monitoring. Factors deemed to shore up investor confidence include dividend payment of SET-listed companies, public policies and domestic economic growth trajectory following the US's phase 1 trade deal with China. Leading e-commerce platforms such as Shopee, JD Central and Lazada are being asked to control overpriced face masks, a move aimed at dealing with the shortage. Boonyarit Kalayanamit, the commerce permanent secretary, talked on Tuesday with representatives from the leading e-commerce platform providers, asking for their help in limiting price gouging for face masks. He threatened to take legal action against the vendors who sell overpriced face masks online through other channels such as Facebook, Instagram and Line. Mr Boonyarit said if authorities find overpriced face masks sold via those platforms, they will first send notices to stop selling overpriced products. If the vendors ignore the notices, the authorities will obstruct the visibility or permanently block the access for those vendors. To ensure mask supplies, officials recently issued an order demanding that domestic face mask producers supply masks to a centre set up by the department so that face masks are distributed to the public at affordable prices through 120,000 Blue Flag shops. On Tuesday last week, the cabinet also approved a proposal to put face masks and alcohol-based hand sanitiser on the state price control list as part of efforts to deal with the deadly virus outbreak. Once an item is on the price control list, manufacturers, distributors, exporters and importers have to inform the Internal Trade Department of the production cost, sales price, production volume, export/import volume and inventory. Those who export more than 500 pieces need to receive approval from the department. Similar measures are applied to hand sanitiser, except for the limit on export volumes, as there are adequate quantities to meet domestic demand. The price control list covers essential items for daily use, such as food, consumer goods, farm-related products, paper, petroleum and medicine. There are 170 items on the state priority watch list, 52 of which are on the price control list. The demand for face masks has surged to 40-50 million pieces a month after the virus outbreak, up from 30 million pieces a month previously. Hotels are cutting back on staff in response to weaker demand from Chinese guests, especially on Ratchadaphisek Road in Bangkok and Pattaya. The two areas were usually packed with Chinese travellers during the high season. Ratchadaphisek Road has hotels and condos that mainly target tourists from the mainland. In the past few weeks, the roadside has been quieter than usual as tour buses dwindled, said Sarun Limsawaddiwong, managing director of S Group. He said two hotels under the company -- S Ratchada and S Ram Leisure in the Ramkhamhaeng area -- with a combined 600 rooms, have seen average occupancy drop to 20% this month. Chinese tour groups usually account for 80% of total guests for these two hotels. With cancellations ongoing, Mr Sarun asked 200 workers at the two hotels to relocate to four other hotels that are also owned by the group in the Sukhumvit area, where occupancy rates are above 70%. The group also encouraged staff to take annual leave while waiting for the Chinese market to return. The company plans to use this opportunity to conduct training in the Chinese language to ensure that the business runs smoothly when guests return. Supawan Tanomkieatipume, president of the Thai Hotels Association (THA), said this month some hotels still have guests remaining, but from next month some hotels where most guests are Chinese may need to lay off temporary staff to reduce costs. Normally hotels will hire short-term staff during high seasons, but when the market is soft they'll shrink workforces to comply with weaker demand, Ms Supawan said. Hotels in Pattaya City are trying to cut labour costs because Chinese guests, who accounted for 50% of total international tourists, have fallen to 5%, said Sanpech Supabowornsthian, vice-president of the THA's eastern chapter. A 250-room hotel will hire at least 200 staff, with 50% on temporary contracts. When the market slows down, hotels lay off temporary employees first to make sure services continue without interruption when the situation returns to normal. Mr Sanpech was told by Chinese tour operators that customers would return after at least 45 days, as the Chinese government has not yet lifted the travel ban. He also worries that the Indian market, some 20% of the total, is avoiding Pattaya, especially incentive groups that are sensitive to safety issues. He said the situation in Pattaya is more difficult than other areas for hotel operators because the competition in the area is already intense, with more than 100,000 rooms competing in the market. Kongsak Khoopongsakorn, president of the THA's southern chapter, said that if any hotel relies too much on Chinese guests, temporary staff or paid interns are the first group to leave. Hoteliers also have to cut other costs such as food and drink, utilities and staff-related expenses such as training or overtime payments to tighten their belts. Despite the decline in the Chinese market, which accounts for 30% of tourists in Chiang Mai, hotels in the area are still getting bookings from independent tourists from the mainland and other international markets. There will be no layoffs for Chiang Mai hotels during the first quarter this year, which is considered the high season, Ms Supawan said. We have to monitor closely whether the slowdown is dragging into the second quarter.